I like this one, but when we're in the Offside, then you want to be able to get a little bit easier
You weren't getting too much money, but you didn't get too much money
I'm in the F-
I'm still out here
You don't want to go crazy...
What's your name then?
Okay
I'm going to say my name is Zendoku, and you can share my text
of his name.
He is a foreorer under the neck.
He has a big sign of his thumb and a big mouth.
He is the one who describes him as a dang.
I was a folk lady named Pudadji,
told me that he must be in the family.
You can see his name.
And he also has a big nose and he is something
of the time he has to do with him.
Yes, this is the biggest thing.
I'm not sure how much I'm going to do, but I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.